1.  Introduction

This is the README file for POSIT, the PrOpositional SatIsfiability
Testbed.  You need an ANSI C compiler to build POSIT.  It has been
tested on a Sun SPARCStation, an IBM RS6000, and an Apple Macintosh,
and should work on most 32-bit Unix platforms.

2.  Building and Installing POSIT

To build POSIT, edit the top portion of the Makefile in the
appropriate way and then type "make".  If you can't use the Makefile
(e.g., if you are using Think C on the Macintosh), then edit the file
defines.h before compiling POSIT.

To install POSIT, simply move the executable to the desired directory.
There is no "make install" target.

3.  Using POSIT

You can modify POSIT's behavior in one of three ways: interactively;
on the command line; or through environment variables.  To use the
first method, simply type "posit" with no arguments.  To see a list of
POSIT's command line options, type "posit help" or "posit foobar" or
anything else that it doesn't understand.  To see a list of its
environment variables, look through the file doc/posit.cshrc.

4.  For More Information

The file src/ROAD_MAP provides a brief description of each file in the
src subdirectory.  The doc subdirectory contains some sample problems,
a man page that describes POSIT's interface more precisely, and a
LaTeX file that describes the DIMACS standard input and output formats
for satisfiability problems.  The scripts subdirectory contains some
shell scripts and a small C program that might be helpful to more
dedicated users.

5.  Support

Send all questions, bug reports, and requests to me,
freeman@gradient.cis.upenn.edu .  Bug reports should contain as much
information as possible, including type of platform, name and version
of operating system, name and version of compiler, compilation flags,
POSIT's version number, and a transcript or a description of its
behavior.

6.  Your Rights and Responsibilities

As its name implies, POSIT is intended to serve as a testbed for
research into satisfiability testing.  Thus you have the right to use
all or part of the source code and modify it as you deem necessary.
However, you must not remove the copyright notices from the top of the
source files, you must not claim that you have written any of the code
yourself, and if you include all or part of it in another program, you
must acknowledge that you have done so somewhere in that program's
documentation.

7.  Lack of Warranty

Important: This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
